# Introduction
The X-04 Hyper Wyvern (codenamed "Jormungandr") is a extremely powerful and nigh-indestructible fighter jet. Developed as part of a joint Foundation project between military, anomalous research and abyssal research divisions, the X-04 is designed to serve as the Foundation's "Doomsday" weapon against planetary-scale threats. Due to their extreme costs and deadly capabilities, only a limited number of jets have been manufactured, and access to the aircrafts and related information is restricted to high-ranking members of the Foundation
# Design
The Hyper Wyvern appears almost identical to its inspiration, the [X-02 Strike Wyvern](https://acecombat.fandom.com/wiki/X-02S_Strike_Wyvern), albeit  larger. What the jet lacks in obvious physical alternations, it makes up for with the numerous internal modifications. 

The X-04 is installed with an advanced authentication mechanism, which requires that a pilot must be soul-bound to their individual aircraft, and will not be operable if no corresponding soul signature is detected. Information related to the generation and verification of soul-based signatures is highly guarded, and only accessible to members of the Board of Directors. 

The AI control systems of the original X-02S are significantly upgraded, porting and downsizing the same triple-AI control systems used in Foundation space-faring ships. The primary flight AI (codenamed "Trium") is a triple-computer AI subsystem which oversees the maneuvering, weapons syncing and management, drone control and damage control of the X-04. It is capable of receiving direct commands via neural link, and include monitoring of each other for logic divergences or malfunctions. Telemetry data of any divergence events and manual pilot overrides are sent back to AWACS and monitoring AI systems for analysis and improvement.

# Features
The X-04 is fitted with variable-cycle ion-based thrusters, allowing it to reach atmospheric speeds of Mach 7-10 (2.403 km/s to 3.432 km/s), and orbital glide from and to Medium Earth Orbit (MEO). At lower altitudes, thrusters can be reprogrammed on-the-fly for "silent glide", resulting in a near-zero heat signature and radar profile. Small plasma-burst maneuver jets allow for extreme turns and maneuvers.

At the top of the X-04 is a module hardpoint, which can accept one of two modules: a cloaking device, which bends EM, acoustic, gravitational and quantum signatures across all bands and renders the jet effectively undetectable by machine or biological means; or a bi-weave shield generator, which generates an energy-based shield which renders the jet completely invulnerable to almost all forms of planetary weapons. An X-04 fitted with a bi-weave shield generator can only be destroyed by another X-04, or orbital strikes from space-faring combat vessels. The X-04 also consists of a range of countermeasures, such as chaff and flares, micro-EMP bombs and EW pods

The X-04 features two internal missile bays underneath the main air intakes, which is fed from a small internal buffer of missiles. Another weapon hardpoint is located between the two intakes, which can support three types of specialized weapons: a heavily upgraded "Arclight-7" overcharged single-barrel railgun, universal missile bays for additional missile firepower, or an experimental "Zoisite-4" Tactical Laser System (TLS). A drone control suite (DCS) is installed at the bottom of the X-04's nose, giving it the ability to command (semi-)autonomous combat drones to aid it in battle. 

The sensor arrays of the X-04 are massively upgraded from their predecessors. A TESSARIS-X camera system is installed at the bottom of the aircraft, near the special weapon hardpoint, allowing the AI co-pilot to see its surroundings in a wide spectrum. A TARGETLINK tactical data link allows real-time threat analysis and data sharing between AWACS and command units. Finally, a Digi-Storage Client Node (DSCN) is installed near the center of the jet, allowing the pilot to connect to the Foundation's digital storage networks and pull ammunition, fuel and lubricant, as long as a Digi-Storage Relay Node (DSRN) is within range. 
# Capabilities and Performance
The X-04 is capable of performing air combat maneuvers, and has even had its AI control systems optimized to perform a selection of high-intensity maneuvers at high speeds:  high-G turns (~Mach 2.5), Cobra Turn (~Mach 2), Immelmann turn (~Mach 4), Kulbit (~Mach 2), Knife-Edge Slide (~Mach 1). This provides the pilot with an immense amount of maneuverability, and granting them significant advantages during dogfights.

The two standard missile bays can be loaded with traditional military missiles, such as AIM-9 Sidewinders or AIM-120 AMRAAMs for air-to-air combat, or AGM-65 Mavericks for air-to-ground and close air support. In addition, they can be mounted with special Helios-type Multi-Purpose Burst Missiles (MPBM), allowing for air-to-surface cluster bombing and wide-area suppression; or nuclear warheads, essentially micro-nukes. A small missile bay allows initial stocking of up to 20 missiles, and more can be pulled from the Digi-Storage network as needed.

The "Arclight-7" overcharged railgun can be used in two main forms: a single, supercharged shot at extreme ranges, or a series of consecutive shots at closer ranges. Abyssal supercapacitor banks allows the railgun to store up to 250% of its maximum operational power, or 5 consecutive shots in the second configuration. While the railgun's recommended operational max is 75% charge, it is possible to overload engineering systems to feed 125% of the aircraft's power into the railgun at once, delivering a shot that is capable of penetrating the crust of a planet and detonating its core. However, this results in the Arclight railgun completely destroyed and inoperational after firing, and has a high chance of heavily damaging or incapacitating the aircraft itself. 

The DCS of the X-04 allows the pilot to command a wide range of combat and reconnaissance drones, both semi-autonomous and autonomous variants. Entire squadrons of drones can be commanded from a single X-04, with no practical limits for the number of drones that can be commanded at once. In addition, the DCS is able to request for additional drones to be activated and deployed from static and mobile Foundation installations. The DCS has an extremely long control radius of over 25,000km, allowing the pilot to remain safe outside the operation area while the drones execute commands. 
## Custom Modifications
Due to the personalized and customizable nature of the X-04, pilots are able to install modifications and upgrades to tailor the jet's performance to their personal preferences. Modifications can be installed to influence all aspects of the X-04, such as the weapons, engineering or sensor systems, as well as maneuverability, speed and more. 